_pages/program.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Conference Program
description: Conference Program
permalink: /program/
sitemap:
    priority: 0.7
    lastmod: 2018-11-07
    changefreq: weekly
---

# Program

> **Schedule subject to change. Check back for updates.**

### Friday February 1, 5:30 PM - 8:30 PM

Mozilla Downtown Portland Offices<br>
[1120 NW Couch St #320, Portland, OR 97209](https://goo.gl/maps/BWe5tDpmYU82)

<div><table>
  <col style="width:15%">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Time</th>
      <th>Session</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>5:30 pm</td>
    <td>Doors open</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>6:00 pm</td>
    <td>Welcome and Conference Introduction</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>6:15 pm</td>
    <td>Lightning talks</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>6:45 pm</td>
    <td>Light dinner and networking activities</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>7:15 pm</td>
    <td>Lightning talks</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>7:45 pm</td>
    <td>Closing</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>8:30 pm</td>
    <td>Doors close</td>
  </tr>
  </tbody>
</table></div>

### Saturday February 2, 8:30 AM - 5:00 PM

OHSU Robertson Life Sciences Building<br> 
[2730 SW Moody Ave, Portland, OR 97201](https://goo.gl/maps/yDTHVLd3L6r)

<div><table>
  <col style="width:15%">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Time</th>
      <th>Session</th>
    </tr>
  </thead> 
  <tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>8:30 am</td>
    <td>Doors open – Registration</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>9:00 am</td>
    <td>Welcome and Conference Introduction</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>9:15 am</td>
    <td>
      <b>Open Scholarship Panel</b> (Discussion + Q&amp;A)<br>
      Moderator: <a href="/speakers/nick">Nick Shockey</a><br>
      Panelists: <a href="/speakers/david">Dr. David Edwards</a>, <a href="/speakers/crystalle">Dr. Crystallee Crain</a>, <a href="/speakers/douglas">Douglas Tsoi</a>, <a href="/speakers/jen">Jen Klaudinyi</a>, and <a href="/speakers/hannah">Hannah Stepanek</a><br>
      <hr style="margin:10px">
      <p style="font-size:.85rem">The concept of open scholarship can differ between communities of practice. This panel will      explore the variations and intersection of ‘openness’ in the domains of science, education, social justice, and big data. Panelists will share their projects, experiences, and perspectives. The short talks will be followed by a moderated Q&A session in which the audience will have the opportunity to ask questions.</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>10:30 am</td>
    <td>Coffee + Donuts break</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>11:00 am</td>
    <td>
      <b>Whose Open Science? How Technology Structures Knowledge Inequality</b><br>
      Morning Keynote by <i><a href="/speakers/leslie">Dr. Leslie Chan</a></i><br>
      <hr style="margin:10px">
      <p style="font-size:.85rem">Leslie will discuss how the open science movement and those who are advancing it, need to always maintain a critical and reflexive perspective about the work they do and they advocate for. Too often technology-driven approaches lead to silencing the diversity of knowledge produced around the world in favor of an homogeneous status quo, thereby reproducing and amplifying existing structures of inequality.</p>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>12:00 am</td>
    <td>Lunch (Provided)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>1:00 pm</td>
    <td>
      <b>Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Panel</b> (Discussion + Q&amp;A)<br>
      Moderator: <a href="/speakers/lucille">Dr. Lucille Moore</a><br>
      Panelists: <a href="/speakers/letisha">Dr. Letisha Wyatt</a>, <a href="/speakers/sanjay">Dr. Sanjay Srivastava</a>, <a href="/speakers/tara">Tara Robertson</a>, and <a href="/speakers/carol">Carol Muñoz Nieves</a><br>
      <hr style="margin:10px">
      <p style="font-size:.85rem">Central to advancing openness is the belief that information should be shared in an equitable and accessible way. As we work together to build an open movement we need to constantly challenge our assumptions and ensure we do not replicate some of the same structures of power and systems of oppression that dominate the current framework of scholarship and education. This panel aims highlight some of the excellent work our local community is already doing and spark a critical discussion around issues of diversity, equity, and inclusions and how we can do better.</p>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>2:15 pm</td>
    <td>Coffee break</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>2:30 pm</td>
    <td>
      <b>Precision Medicine: Connecting Openness and Equity</b><br>
      Afternoon Keynote by <i><a href="/speakers/kadija">Dr. Kadija Ferryman</a></i><br>
      <hr style="margin:10px">
      <p style="font-size:.85rem">In this talk, Dr. Ferryman will discuss the findings of her recent research project, 
          called Pursuing Fairness in Precision Medicine. She will relate her findings to open research principles, and examine how 
          they may be used to advance equity, particularly health equity.</p>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3:30 pm</td>
    <td>
      <b>Do-a-Thon</b>
      <hr style="margin:10px"><p style="font-size:.85rem">A do-a-thon is a short sprint where people from different perspectives and skill sets work together and collaborate on challenges, projects, or to learn something new. For OpenCon Cascadia’s do-a-thon, we’ll be focusing on activities that seek to make research and scholarship more open, inclusive, and accessible. <a href="https://opencon-cascadia.github.io/doathon/">Learn more and submit a project!</a></p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>4:45 pm</td>
    <td>Closing remarks</td>
  </tr>
  </tbody>
</table></div>


## Keynote Speakers

<div>
    {% for person in site.speakers %}
      {% if person.type == "keynote" %}
        <div class="row keynotes">  
            <div class="image 4u 4u(medium) 6u(small) -3u(small)">
                <img src="{{ person.image }}" alt="{{ person.name }}"/>
            </div>
            <div class="text 8u 8u(medium) 12u(small)">
                <h3>
                    {{ person.name }}
                    <a class="contact-icon" target="_blank" href="http://twitter.com/{{ person.twitter }}"><i class="fa fa-twitter" aria-hidden="true"></i></a>
                </h3>
                <h5>{{ person.affiliation }}</h5>
                {{ person.content }}
            </div>
        </div>
        <p></p>
        {% endif %}
    {% endfor %}
</div>

Commit message:

adds room number
and directions to room

_pages/program.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Conference Program
description: Conference Program
permalink: /program/
sitemap:
    priority: 0.7
    lastmod: 2018-11-07
    changefreq: weekly
---

# Program

> **Schedule subject to change. Check back for updates.**

### Friday February 1, 5:30 PM - 8:30 PM

Mozilla Downtown Portland Offices<br>
[1120 NW Couch St #320, Portland, OR 97209](https://goo.gl/maps/BWe5tDpmYU82)

<div><table>
  <col style="width:15%">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Time</th>
      <th>Session</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>5:30 pm</td>
    <td>Doors open</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>6:00 pm</td>
    <td>Welcome and Conference Introduction</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>6:15 pm</td>
    <td>Lightning talks</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>6:45 pm</td>
    <td>Light dinner and networking activities</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>7:15 pm</td>
    <td>Lightning talks</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>7:45 pm</td>
    <td>Closing</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>8:30 pm</td>
    <td>Doors close</td>
  </tr>
  </tbody>
</table></div>

### Saturday February 2, 8:30 AM - 5:00 PM

OHSU Robertson Life Sciences Building<br> 
[2730 SW Moody Ave, Portland, OR 97201](https://goo.gl/maps/yDTHVLd3L6r)<br>
Room 3A001/3A002<br>
Directions: Please enter the building through the South entrance and go to the 3rd floor via the South Elevators.

<div><table>
  <col style="width:15%">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Time</th>
      <th>Session</th>
    </tr>
  </thead> 
  <tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>8:30 am</td>
    <td>Doors open – Registration</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>9:00 am</td>
    <td>Welcome and Conference Introduction</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>9:15 am</td>
    <td>
      <b>Open Scholarship Panel</b> (Discussion + Q&amp;A)<br>
      Moderator: <a href="/speakers/nick">Nick Shockey</a><br>
      Panelists: <a href="/speakers/david">Dr. David Edwards</a>, <a href="/speakers/crystalle">Dr. Crystallee Crain</a>, <a href="/speakers/douglas">Douglas Tsoi</a>, <a href="/speakers/jen">Jen Klaudinyi</a>, and <a href="/speakers/hannah">Hannah Stepanek</a><br>
      <hr style="margin:10px">
      <p style="font-size:.85rem">The concept of open scholarship can differ between communities of practice. This panel will      explore the variations and intersection of ‘openness’ in the domains of science, education, social justice, and big data. Panelists will share their projects, experiences, and perspectives. The short talks will be followed by a moderated Q&A session in which the audience will have the opportunity to ask questions.</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>10:30 am</td>
    <td>Coffee + Donuts break</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>11:00 am</td>
    <td>
      <b>Whose Open Science? How Technology Structures Knowledge Inequality</b><br>
      Morning Keynote by <i><a href="/speakers/leslie">Dr. Leslie Chan</a></i><br>
      <hr style="margin:10px">
      <p style="font-size:.85rem">Leslie will discuss how the open science movement and those who are advancing it, need to always maintain a critical and reflexive perspective about the work they do and they advocate for. Too often technology-driven approaches lead to silencing the diversity of knowledge produced around the world in favor of an homogeneous status quo, thereby reproducing and amplifying existing structures of inequality.</p>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>12:00 am</td>
    <td>Lunch (Provided)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>1:00 pm</td>
    <td>
      <b>Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Panel</b> (Discussion + Q&amp;A)<br>
      Moderator: <a href="/speakers/lucille">Dr. Lucille Moore</a><br>
      Panelists: <a href="/speakers/letisha">Dr. Letisha Wyatt</a>, <a href="/speakers/sanjay">Dr. Sanjay Srivastava</a>, <a href="/speakers/tara">Tara Robertson</a>, and <a href="/speakers/carol">Carol Muñoz Nieves</a><br>
      <hr style="margin:10px">
      <p style="font-size:.85rem">Central to advancing openness is the belief that information should be shared in an equitable and accessible way. As we work together to build an open movement we need to constantly challenge our assumptions and ensure we do not replicate some of the same structures of power and systems of oppression that dominate the current framework of scholarship and education. This panel aims highlight some of the excellent work our local community is already doing and spark a critical discussion around issues of diversity, equity, and inclusions and how we can do better.</p>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>2:15 pm</td>
    <td>Coffee break</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>2:30 pm</td>
    <td>
      <b>Precision Medicine: Connecting Openness and Equity</b><br>
      Afternoon Keynote by <i><a href="/speakers/kadija">Dr. Kadija Ferryman</a></i><br>
      <hr style="margin:10px">
      <p style="font-size:.85rem">In this talk, Dr. Ferryman will discuss the findings of her recent research project, 
          called Pursuing Fairness in Precision Medicine. She will relate her findings to open research principles, and examine how 
          they may be used to advance equity, particularly health equity.</p>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3:30 pm</td>
    <td>
      <b>Do-a-Thon</b>
      <hr style="margin:10px"><p style="font-size:.85rem">A do-a-thon is a short sprint where people from different perspectives and skill sets work together and collaborate on challenges, projects, or to learn something new. For OpenCon Cascadia’s do-a-thon, we’ll be focusing on activities that seek to make research and scholarship more open, inclusive, and accessible. <a href="https://opencon-cascadia.github.io/doathon/">Learn more and submit a project!</a></p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>4:45 pm</td>
    <td>Closing remarks</td>
  </tr>
  </tbody>
</table></div>


## Keynote Speakers

<div>
    {% for person in site.speakers %}
      {% if person.type == "keynote" %}
        <div class="row keynotes">  
            <div class="image 4u 4u(medium) 6u(small) -3u(small)">
                <img src="{{ person.image }}" alt="{{ person.name }}"/>
            </div>
            <div class="text 8u 8u(medium) 12u(small)">
                <h3>
                    {{ person.name }}
                    <a class="contact-icon" target="_blank" href="http://twitter.com/{{ person.twitter }}"><i class="fa fa-twitter" aria-hidden="true"></i></a>
                </h3>
                <h5>{{ person.affiliation }}</h5>
                {{ person.content }}
            </div>
        </div>
        <p></p>
        {% endif %}
    {% endfor %}
</div>
