about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About OpenCon Cascadia
description: About us.
sitemap:
    priority: 0.7
    lastmod: 2017-11-02
    changefreq: weekly
---

## What is OpenCon Cascadia?

> It is the mission of OpenCon Cascadia to build an inclusive, collaborative community, spanning all disciplines, domains, and research communities, by flattening hierarchical structures to provide a more open and equitable place for individuals to thrive. This Pacific Northwest community aims to support and foster mentorship, innovative solutions, collective projects, and energizing conversations on all things open, with a focus on building up young or new professionals.

<span class="image left"><img src="{{ "/images/mthood.jpg" | absolute_url }}" alt="" /></span>

We believe that everyone has the right to access research and scholarship. We're convening OpenCon Cascadia to provide support to communities and projects with the goal of making scholarship more open, inclusive, and accessible. Are you involved in a project with a goal of improving research, academic culture, or public access to scholarly work? Are you pushing for open research at your institution or organization? Are you involved in a project that seeks to make research more accessible through citizen science or DIY science?
Join us at OpenCon Cascadia to share stories, discuss challenges, and connect with regional colleagues in a fun and welcoming environment. We'll discuss issues facing research and scholarship today and work on strategy and communication docs for our projects.

Commit message:

added keynotes, ticket price info, registration date, sponsor info, logo, minor style changes

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About OpenCon Cascadia
description: About us.
sitemap:
    priority: 0.7
    lastmod: 2017-11-02
    changefreq: weekly
---

## What is OpenCon Cascadia?

> It is the mission of OpenCon Cascadia to build an inclusive, collaborative community, spanning all disciplines, domains, and research communities, by flattening hierarchical structures to provide a more open and equitable place for individuals to thrive. This Pacific Northwest community aims to support and foster mentorship, innovative solutions, collective projects, and energizing conversations on all things open, with a focus on building up young or new professionals.

<span class="image left"><img src="{{ "/images/OCClogo.png" | absolute_url }}" alt="" /></span>

We believe that everyone has the right to access research and scholarship. We're convening OpenCon Cascadia to provide support to communities and projects with the goal of making scholarship more open, inclusive, and accessible. Are you involved in a project with a goal of improving research, academic culture, or public access to scholarly work? Are you pushing for open research at your institution or organization? Are you involved in a project that seeks to make research more accessible through citizen science or DIY science?
Join us at OpenCon Cascadia to share stories, discuss challenges, and connect with regional colleagues in a fun and welcoming environment. We'll discuss issues facing research and scholarship today and work on strategy and communication docs for our projects.

## Keynotes

We are ecstatic to announce our two keynote speakers:
[Dr. Kadija Ferryman](https://datasociety.net/people/ferryman-kadija/) and [Dr. Leslie Chan](http://www.utsc.utoronto.ca/~chan/)

## Sponsors

Help make OpenCon Cascadia great! We are looking for sponsors to keep our event *low cost to attend* and to fund:
- speakers
- lunch
- coffee breaks

To donate, please email us at [openconcascadia@gmail.com](mailto:openconcascadia@gmail.com) and we can discuss sponsor perks!
